Hey, don't go
Don't admit it
I already said this man is a piece of crap
He must be unable to pretend
He ran away with his cheap sister
Mr. Yang
If I see him next time, I will definitely avenge you.
Haha, you two.
You show me him.
Looking for someone, thank you
You have good eyesight
Looking back like this, I saw Mr. Wang
Give you more beauty
Let you get a raise in salary, hahahaha, okay?
Be a manager
Mr. Wang, why are you here?
Did a young man surnamed Lu come over just now?
Bought a flower
Where is he?
Mr. Wang, I have chased him away
He comes from the countryside.
Pardon me?
Mr. Wang, I asked him to do this
You
Mr. Wang, Brother Yang is the director of Dawan Group
Don't you remember?
So many parts of the Dawan Group
Every director I have to recognize this shut up
President Wang can't be such a small person as President Day, right?
Right, hahaha, that Mr. Wang, you are busy first.
We'll go first
Oops, hahahaha, you just said to drive people away.
I call him a country man. He just